anyhow I'm sure town today I'm gonna
introduce a ingredient it's a black
vinegar in Asian cuisine we use this a
lot for soup I'm gonna make you some
pretty soon like the chicken pen soup
and pork and soup those kind of stuff
but today I'm gonna make the vegetable
stir-fry food owner dough so I have
petroi bean sprout and this is the hot
chili our panel I just cut off the seat
and sweet pepper and this is the fresh
purple cow I'm your user for garnish
it's very healthy and very nutrition
wise and good for you and I'm using it
for calling you for the plate and this
is the udon noodle fresh food oh no -
we're just gonna put in the microwave
for like a couple minutes before we stop
right all right I'm going to show you
okay keep your wok hot 1 tablespoon oil
cooking oil with some ginger and garlic
some salt a nonconference like this and
then you add your vegetable here we go
and we certifying a vegetable for couple
minutes despite this kept a couple
minutes I have this new donor ooh I put
in the microwave for two minutes nice
and warm I put into the
vegetable and once the noodle holding
got really hot and was separated you can
surprise pretty much any kind of
vegetables if you want okay now we're
going to put down the Saudis are very
easy to make
and
the flight Feniger tell you it's a very
good one very good flavor we have one at
a time if I get a chance to the grocery
store I look around and I spot something
that's really nice I like to bring home
and show it to you guys okay very simple
and now I just want to use my look to
cover up just for thirty second I want
to increase the temperature and it's
almost done it's very simple to make is
easy it's good to make when your kids
come home from school and they always
love noodle and we want to put some
vegetables introduce them to eat
different kind of edge table
all right now it's good and we are in
some sugar I just use like you're good
today little bit to balance up the
vinegar renowned the watt calm
you always want to certify with the top
walk in the hot oil all right now we
just kind of drizzle some sesame oil not
much just like this healthy this is a
knuckle my two boys okay ready to serve
mix vegetable stir-fry
you don't noodle I guess some Sriracha
hot sauce on the side and it's very
healthy and I garnished with some
beautiful purple cow it's very good for
you and now some cilantro some black
sesame seeds I hope you liked the video
please subscribe comment I'm chef tom
thank you for watching fortune cooking I
see you next time bye